README.md, before:

# dotfiles

My environment configuration.

## Installation

Run `./install.sh`. The script will prompt before replacing any existing
files. It is idempotent and can be used to ensure that all relevant files are
links to this repository.

It uses a simple convention to map all files in `home` directory as it would
be a user `${HOME}` directory. Notice that that it precedes all relative
paths with `.` (dot). For example:

- `home/bashrc` is mapped to `${HOME}/.bashrc`
- `home/config/Code/User/settings.json` is mapped to `${HOME}/.config/Code/User/settings.json`

## Troubleshooting

### Gnome Keyring overriding `SSH_AUTH_SOCK`

Ensure that `gnome-keyring-daemon` does not start with ssh component.
In Ubuntu/Debian you can check the output of command:

```bash
$ grep gnome-keyring-daemon /etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-*

/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-pkcs11.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11
/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-secrets.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=secrets
/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=ssh
```

If you see an entry with `ssh` component then remove the file:

```bash
sudo rm /etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop
```

or remove only the component `ssh` from the list:

```diff
-Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11,secrets,ssh
+Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11,secrets
```

### GPG Key not recognized by SSH

In case of receiving permission denied error like this:
```
git@github.com: Permission denied (publickey).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
```

Ensure that your GPG keygrip is included in `~/.gnupg/sshcontrol`.  To find
your GPG keygrip you can use command `gpg --with-keygrip -K` and copy your `A`
subkey keygrips into the `sshcontrol` file.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect dconf

README.md, after:

# dotfiles

My environment configuration.

## Installation

Run `./install.sh`. The script will prompt before replacing any existing
files or dconf entries. It is idempotent and can be used to ensure that all
relevant files are links to this repository and dconf database matches.

It uses a simple convention to map all files in `home` directory as it would
be a user `${HOME}` directory. Notice that that it precedes all relative
paths with `.` (dot). For example:

- `home/bashrc` is mapped to `${HOME}/.bashrc`
- `home/config/Code/User/settings.json` is mapped to `${HOME}/.config/Code/User/settings.json`

## Troubleshooting

### Gnome Keyring overriding `SSH_AUTH_SOCK`

Ensure that `gnome-keyring-daemon` does not start with ssh component.
In Ubuntu/Debian you can check the output of command:

```bash
$ grep gnome-keyring-daemon /etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-*

/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-pkcs11.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11
/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-secrets.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=secrets
/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop:Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=ssh
```

If you see an entry with `ssh` component then remove the file:

```bash
sudo rm /etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop
```

or remove only the component `ssh` from the list:

```diff
-Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11,secrets,ssh
+Exec=/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon --start --components=pkcs11,secrets
```

### GPG Key not recognized by SSH

In case of receiving permission denied error like this:
```
git@github.com: Permission denied (publickey).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
```

Ensure that your GPG keygrip is included in `~/.gnupg/sshcontrol`.  To find
your GPG keygrip you can use command `gpg --with-keygrip -K` and copy your `A`
subkey keygrips into the `sshcontrol` file.
